data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bash                                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/bash.bashrc                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/profile                               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/alias.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/array.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/arrayfunc.h                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/assoc.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/bashansi.h                   bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/bashintl.h                   bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/bashjmp.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/bashtypes.h                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/bashgetopt.h        bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/builtext.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/common.h            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/getopt.h            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/builtins.h                   bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/command.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/config-bot.h                 bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/config-top.h                 bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/config.h                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/conftypes.h                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/dispose_cmd.h                bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/error.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/execute_cmd.h                bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/externs.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/general.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/hashlib.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/ansi_stdlib.h        bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/chartypes.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/filecntl.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/gettext.h            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/maxpath.h            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/memalloc.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/ocache.h             bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixdir.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixjmp.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixstat.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixtime.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixwait.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbchar.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbutil.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/shtty.h              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/stat-time.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/stdc.h               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/systimes.h           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/typemax.h            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/include/unionwait.h          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/jobs.h                       bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/make_cmd.h                   bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/pathnames.h                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/quit.h                       bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/shell.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/sig.h                        bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/siglist.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/signames.h                   bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/subst.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/syntax.h                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/unwind_prot.h                bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/variables.h                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/version.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/xmalloc.h                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bash/y.tab.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.inc                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.sample                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/accept                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/basename                         bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/csv                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/cut                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/dirname                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/dsv                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/fdflags                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/finfo                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/getconf                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/head                             bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/id                               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/ln                               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/loadables.h                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/logname                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/mkdir                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/mkfifo                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/mktemp                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/mypid                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/pathchk                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/print                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/printenv                         bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/push                             bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/realpath                         bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/rm                               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/rmdir                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/seq                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/setpgid                          bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/sleep                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/stat                             bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/strftime                         bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/sync                             bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/tee                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/truefalse                        bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/tty                              bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/uname                            bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/unlink                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/bash/whoami                           bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/bash.pc                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/CHANGES                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/COMPAT                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/FAQ                        bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/INTRO                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/LICENSE                    bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/NEWS                       bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/POSIX                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/RBASH                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/README                     bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bash.html                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bashref.html               bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/bash.info                      bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bash.1.gz                  bash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bunzip2                               bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzcat                                 bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzcmp                                 bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzdiff                                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzgrep                                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzip2                                 bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzip2recover                          bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzless                                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/bzmore                                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzcmp.1.gz                 bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzdiff.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzgrep.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzip2.1.gz                 bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzless.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/bzmore.1.gz                bzip2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/[                                     coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/b2sum                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/base32                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/base64                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/basename                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/basenc                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/cat                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/chcon                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/chgrp                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/chmod                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/chown                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/chroot                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/cksum                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/comm                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/coreutils                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/cp                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/csplit                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/cut                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/date                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dd                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dir                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dircolors                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dirname                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/du                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/echo                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/env                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/expand                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/expr                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/factor                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/false                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/fmt                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/fold                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/groups                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/head                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/id                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/install                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/join                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/kill                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/link                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/ln                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/logname                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/ls                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/md5sum                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/mkdir                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/mkfifo                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/mknod                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/mktemp                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/mv                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/nice                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/nl                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/nohup                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/nproc                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/numfmt                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/od                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/paste                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pathchk                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pr                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/printenv                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/printf                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/ptx                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pwd                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/readlink                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/realpath                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/rm                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/rmdir                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/runcon                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/seq                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sha1sum                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sha224sum                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sha256sum                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sha384sum                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sha512sum                             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/shred                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/shuf                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sleep                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sort                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/split                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/stat                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/stdbuf                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/stty                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sum                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sync                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tac                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tail                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tee                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/test                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/timeout                               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/touch                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tr                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/true                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/truncate                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tsort                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tty                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/uname                                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/unexpand                              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/uniq                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/unlink                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/vdir                                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/wc                                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/whoami                                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/yes                                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/libexec/coreutils/libstdbuf.so            coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/coreutils/LICENSE               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/coreutils.info                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/b2sum.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/base32.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/base64.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/basename.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/basenc.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/cat.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/chcon.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/chgrp.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/chmod.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/chown.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/chroot.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/cksum.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/comm.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/coreutils.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/cp.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/csplit.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/cut.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/date.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dd.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dir.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dircolors.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirname.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/du.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/echo.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/env.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/expand.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/expr.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/factor.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/false.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/fmt.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/fold.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/groups.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/head.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/id.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/install.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/join.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/kill.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/link.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/ln.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/logname.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/ls.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/md5sum.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkdir.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkfifo.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/mknod.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/mktemp.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/mv.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/nice.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/nl.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/nohup.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/nproc.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/numfmt.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/od.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/paste.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pathchk.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pr.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/printenv.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/printf.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptx.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwd.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/readlink.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/realpath.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/rm.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/rmdir.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/runcon.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/seq.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha1sum.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha224sum.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha256sum.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha384sum.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha512sum.1.gz             coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/shred.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/shuf.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sleep.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sort.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/split.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/stat.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/stdbuf.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/stty.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sum.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sync.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tac.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tail.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tee.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/test.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/timeout.1.gz               coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/touch.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tr.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/true.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/truncate.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tsort.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tty.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/uname.1.gz                 coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/unexpand.1.gz              coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/uniq.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlink.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/vdir.1.gz                  coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/wc.1.gz                    coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/whoami.1.gz                coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/yes.1.gz                   coreutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/curl                                  curl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/curl.1.gz                  curl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dash                                  dash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sh                                    dash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/dash/LICENSE                    dash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dash.1.gz                  dash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sh.1.gz                    dash
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libdialog.a                           dialog-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/dialog                                dialog
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/dialog/LICENSE                  dialog
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/dialog.1.gz                dialog
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/cmp                                   diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/diff                                  diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/diff3                                 diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sdiff                                 diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/diffutils/LICENSE               diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/diffutils.info                 diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/cmp.1.gz                   diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff.1.gz                  diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/diff3.1.gz                 diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sdiff.1.gz                 diffutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/find                                  findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/xargs                                 findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/libexec/frcode                            findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/findutils/LICENSE               findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/find-maint.info                findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/find.info                      findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/find.info-1                    findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/find.info-2                    findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/find.1.gz                  findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/xargs.1.gz                 findutils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.a                      gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.a                        gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.a                           gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.a                        gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.a                         gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.a                         gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.a                        gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.a                       gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.a                      gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.a                      gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.a                        gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.a                           gawk-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/awk                                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/gawk                                  gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/gawkbug                               gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.csh                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/profile.d/gawk.sh                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/gawkapi.h                         gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/filefuncs.so                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/fnmatch.so                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/fork.so                          gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/inplace.so                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/intdiv.so                        gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/ordchr.so                        gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/readdir.so                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/readfile.so                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/revoutput.so                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/revtwoway.so                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/rwarray.so                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/gawk/time.so                          gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/libexec/awk/grcat                         gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/libexec/awk/pwcat                         gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/assert.awk                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/bits2str.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/cliff_rand.awk                  gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/ctime.awk                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/ftrans.awk                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/getopt.awk                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/gettime.awk                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/group.awk                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/have_mpfr.awk                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/inplace.awk                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/intdiv0.awk                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/isnumeric.awk                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/join.awk                        gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/libintl.awk                     gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/noassign.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/ns_passwd.awk                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/ord.awk                         gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/passwd.awk                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/processarray.awk                gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/quicksort.awk                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/readable.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/readfile.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/rewind.awk                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/round.awk                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/shellquote.awk                  gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/strtonum.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/tocsv.awk                       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/walkarray.awk                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/awk/zerofile.awk                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/gawk/LICENSE                    gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk.info                      gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_api-figure1.png           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_api-figure2.png           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_api-figure3.png           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_array-elements.png        gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_general-program.png       gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_process-flow.png          gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawk_statist.jpg               gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawkinet.info                  gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gawkworkflow.info              gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/pm-gawk.info                   gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawk.1.gz                  gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/gawkbug.1.gz               gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pm-gawk.1.gz               gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/filefuncs.3am.gz           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/fnmatch.3am.gz             gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/fork.3am.gz                gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inplace.3am.gz             gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ordchr.3am.gz              gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/readdir.3am.gz             gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/readfile.3am.gz            gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/revoutput.3am.gz           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/revtwoway.3am.gz           gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/rwarray.3am.gz             gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/time.3am.gz                gawk
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/egrep                                 grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/fgrep                                 grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/grep                                  grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/grep/LICENSE                    grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/grep.info                      grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/grep.1.gz                  grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/gunzip                                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/gzexe                                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/gzip                                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/uncompress                            gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zcat                                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zcmp                                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zdiff                                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zegrep                                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zfgrep                                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zforce                                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zgrep                                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/zmore                                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/znew                                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/gzip/LICENSE                    gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gzip.info                      gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/gunzip.1.gz                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzexe.1.gz                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/gzip.1.gz                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcat.1.gz                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zcmp.1.gz                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zdiff.1.gz                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zforce.1.gz                gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zgrep.1.gz                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/zmore.1.gz                 gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/znew.1.gz                  gzip
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/iconv                                 iconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/less                                  less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/lessecho                              less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/lesskey                               less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/less/COPYING                    less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/less/LICENSE                    less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/less.1.gz                  less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/lessecho.1.gz              less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/lesskey.1.gz               less
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.a                     libandroid-glob-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/glob.h                            libandroid-glob
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libandroid-glob.so                    libandroid-glob
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-glob/LICENSE         libandroid-glob
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.a                  libandroid-support-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libandroid-support.so                 libandroid-support
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt  libandroid-support
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libandroid-support/LICENSE.txt.1 libandroid-support
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/bzlib.h                           libbz2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so                             libbz2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0                         libbz2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libbz2.so.1.0.8                       libbz2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libbz2/LICENSE                  libbz2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libc++_shared.so                      libc++
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libc++/LICENSE                  libc++
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurl.a                             libcurl-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurl.la                            libcurl-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/curl-config                           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/curl.h                       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/curlver.h                    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/easy.h                       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/header.h                     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/mprintf.h                    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/multi.h                      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/options.h                    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/stdcheaders.h                libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/system.h                     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/typecheck-gcc.h              libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/urlapi.h                     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curl/websockets.h                 libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurl.so                            libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcurl.pc                  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/aclocal/libcurl.m4                  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libcurl/LICENSE                 libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_ACTIVESOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_APPCONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAINFO.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CAPATH.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CERTINFO.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONDITION_UNMET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONNECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONN_ID.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_LENGTH_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_CONTENT_TYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_COOKIELIST.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_METHOD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_EFFECTIVE_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FILETIME_T.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_FTP_ENTRY_PATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HEADER_SIZE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTPAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_CONNECTCODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LASTSOCKET.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_IP.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_LOCAL_PORT.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NAMELOOKUP_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_NUM_CONNECTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_OS_ERRNO.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRETRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_IP.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIMARY_PORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PRIVATE.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROTOCOL.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXYAUTH_AVAIL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_ERROR.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_QUEUE_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_COUNT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REDIRECT_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REFERER.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_REQUEST_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RESPONSE_CODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RETRY_AFTER.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_CSEQ_RECV.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SCHEME.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SIZE_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_DOWNLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SPEED_UPLOAD_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_ENGINES.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_SSL_VERIFYRESULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_STARTTRANSFER_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SESSION.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_TOTAL_TIME_T.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_USED_PROXY.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLINFO_XFER_ID.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CHUNK_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_CONTENT_LENGTH_PENALTY_SIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_HOST_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_PIPELINE_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_MAX_TOTAL_CONNECTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SERVER_BL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PIPELINING_SITE_BL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHDATA.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_PUSHFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETDATA.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_SOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERDATA.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLMOPT_TIMERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ABSTRACT_UNIX_SOCKET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ACCEPT_ENCODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ADDRESS_SCOPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ALTSVC_CTRL.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_APPEND.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AUTOREFERER.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_AWS_SIGV4.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CAPATH.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CA_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CERTINFO.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_BGN_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_DATA.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CHUNK_END_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CLOSESOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_ONLY.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONNECT_TO.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_FROM_UTF8_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CONV_TO_NETWORK_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIE.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEFILE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIEJAR.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIELIST.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COOKIESESSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_COPYPOSTFIELDS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLF.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CRLFILE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CURLU.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGDATA.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEBUGFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DIRLISTONLY.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DISALLOW_USERNAME_IN_URL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_CACHE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_INTERFACE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP4.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_LOCAL_IP6.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SERVERS.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_SHUFFLE_ADDRESSES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DNS_USE_GLOBAL_CACHE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_DOH_URL.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ECH.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EGDSOCKET.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ERRORBUFFER.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_EXPECT_100_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FAILONERROR.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FILETIME.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_DATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FNMATCH_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FOLLOWLOCATION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FORBID_REUSE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FRESH_CONNECT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPPORT.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTPSSLAUTH.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_CREATE_MISSING_DIRS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_FILEMETHOD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SKIP_PASV_IP.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPRT.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPSV.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_FTP_USE_PRET.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPPY_EYEBALLS_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPROXYPROTOCOL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HAPROXY_CLIENT_IP.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADER.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERDATA.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HEADEROPT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADDATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSREADFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTSWRITEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HSTS_CTRL.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP09_ALLOWED.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP200ALIASES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPGET.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPOST.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTPPROXYTUNNEL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_CONTENT_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_TRANSFER_DECODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_HTTP_VERSION.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IGNORE_CONTENT_LENGTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERFACE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_INTERLEAVEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLDATA.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IOCTLFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_IPRESOLVE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEEP_SENDING_ON_ERROR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KEYPASSWD.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_KRBLEVEL.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOCALPORTRANGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOGIN_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_LIMIT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_LOW_SPEED_TIME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_AUTH.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_FROM.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAIL_RCPT_ALLOWFAILS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXAGE_CONN.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXCONNECTS.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXFILESIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXLIFETIME_CONN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAXREDIRS.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_RECV_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MAX_SEND_SPEED_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIMEPOST.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_MIME_OPTIONS.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NETRC_FILE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_DIRECTORY_PERMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NEW_FILE_PERMS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOBODY.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROGRESS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOPROXY.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_NOSIGNAL.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_OPENSOCKETFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PASSWORD.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PATH_AS_IS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PIPEWAIT.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PORT.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POST.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSIZE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTQUOTE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_POSTREDIR.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREQUOTE.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQDATA.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PREREQFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRE_PROXY.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PRIVATE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSDATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROGRESSFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYAUTH.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYHEADER.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYPORT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYTYPE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXYUSERPWD.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAINFO_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CAPATH.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_CRLFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_ISSUERCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_KEYPASSWD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_PINNEDPUBLICKEY.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSLVERSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PROXY_TRANSFER_MODE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_PUT.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_QUICK_EXIT.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_QUOTE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANDOM_FILE.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RANGE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READDATA.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_READFUNCTION.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REDIR_PROTOCOLS_STR.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REFERER.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_REQUEST_TARGET.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_DATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESOLVER_START_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RESUME_FROM_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_CLIENT_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_REQUEST.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SERVER_CSEQ.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_SESSION_ID.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_STREAM_URI.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_RTSP_TRANSPORT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_AUTHZID.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SASL_IR.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKDATA.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SEEKFUNCTION.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVER_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVER_RESPONSE_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SERVICE_NAME.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SHARE.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTDATA.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKOPTFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_AUTH.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_NEC.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SOCKS5_GSSAPI_SERVICE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_AUTH_TYPES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_COMPRESSION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOSTKEYDATA.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOSTKEYFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_MD5.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_HOST_PUBLIC_KEY_SHA256.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYDATA.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KEYFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_KNOWNHOSTS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PRIVATE_KEYFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSH_PUBLIC_KEYFILE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERTTYPE.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLCERT_BLOB.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLENGINE_DEFAULT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEYTYPE.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLKEY_BLOB.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSLVERSION.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CIPHER_LIST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_DATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_CTX_FUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_EC_CURVES.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_ALPN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_ENABLE_NPN.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_FALSESTART.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_OPTIONS.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_SESSIONID_CACHE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYHOST.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYSTATUS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STDERR.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_DEPENDS_E.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_STREAM_WEIGHT.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_SUPPRESS_CONNECT_HEADERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_FASTOPEN.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPALIVE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPIDLE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_KEEPINTVL.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TCP_NODELAY.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TELNETOPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_BLKSIZE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TFTP_NO_OPTIONS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMECONDITION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEOUT_MS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TIMEVALUE_LARGE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLS13_CIPHERS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_PASSWORD.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_TYPE.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TLSAUTH_USERNAME.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERDATA.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRAILERFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFERTEXT.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_TRANSFER_ENCODING.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNIX_SOCKET_PATH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UNRESTRICTED_AUTH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPKEEP_INTERVAL_MS.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_UPLOAD_BUFFERSIZE.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_URL.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERAGENT.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERNAME.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USERPWD.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_USE_SSL.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_VERBOSE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WILDCARDMATCH.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEDATA.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WRITEFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_WS_OPTIONS.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFODATA.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XFERINFOFUNCTION.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLOPT_XOAUTH2_BEARER.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_LOCKFUNC.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_SHARE.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNLOCKFUNC.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_UNSHARE.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/CURLSHOPT_USERDATA.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_cleanup.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_duphandle.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_escape.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_getinfo.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_header.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_init.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_nextheader.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_id.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_by_name.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_option_next.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_pause.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_perform.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_recv.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_reset.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_send.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_setopt.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_strerror.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_unescape.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_easy_upkeep.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_escape.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formadd.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formfree.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_formget.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_free.3.gz             libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getdate.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_getenv.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_cleanup.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_init_mem.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_sslset.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_global_trace.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_addpart.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_data_cb.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_encoder.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filedata.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_filename.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_free.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_headers.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_init.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_name.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_subparts.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mime_type.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_mprintf.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_add_handle.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_assign.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_cleanup.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_fdset.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_get_handles.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_info_read.3.gz  libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_init.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_perform.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_poll.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_remove_handle.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_setopt.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_action.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_socket_all.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_strerror.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_timeout.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wait.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_waitfds.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_multi_wakeup.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_pushheader_byname.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_pushheader_bynum.3.gz libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_cleanup.3.gz    libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_init.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_setopt.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_share_strerror.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_append.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_slist_free_all.3.gz   libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strequal.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_strnequal.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_unescape.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url.3.gz              libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_cleanup.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_dup.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_get.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_set.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_url_strerror.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_version_info.3.gz     libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_meta.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_recv.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curl_ws_send.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-easy.3.gz          libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-env-dbg.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-env.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-errors.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-multi.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-security.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-share.3.gz         libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-symbols.3.gz       libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-thread.3.gz        libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-tutorial.3.gz      libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-url.3.gz           libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl-ws.3.gz            libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libcurl.3.gz               libcurl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmp.a                              libgmp-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmp.la                             libgmp-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.a                            libgmp-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.la                           libgmp-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/gmp.h                             libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/gmpxx.h                           libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmp.so                             libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libgmpxx.so                           libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmp.pc                      libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gmpxx.pc                    libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libgmp/LICENSE                  libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info                       libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-1                     libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/gmp.info-2                     libgmp
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcharset.a                          libiconv-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcharset.la                         libiconv-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libiconv.a                            libiconv-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libiconv.la                           libiconv-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/iconv.h                           libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/libcharset.h                      libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/localcharset.h                    libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcharset.so                         libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libiconv.so                           libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.1.html                    libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconv.3.html                    libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_close.3.html              libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open.3.html               libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconv_open_into.3.html          libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/iconvctl.3.html                 libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE                libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libiconv/LICENSE.1              libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/iconv.1.gz                 libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv.3.gz                 libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_close.3.gz           libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open.3.gz            libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconv_open_into.3.gz       libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/iconvctl.3.gz              libiconv
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.a                             libmpfr-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.la                            libmpfr-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/mpf2mpfr.h                        libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/mpfr.h                            libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmpfr.so                            libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/mpfr.pc                     libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libmpfr/LICENSE                 libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/AUTHORS                    libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/BUGS                       libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING                    libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/COPYING.LESSER             libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/FAQ.html                   libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/NEWS                       libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/TODO                       libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/ReadMe            libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/can_round.c       libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/divworst.c        libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/rndo-add.c        libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/sample.c          libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/threads.c         libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/mpfr/examples/version.c         libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/mpfr.info                      libmpfr
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.a                          libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.la                         libnghttp2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2.h                 libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/nghttp2/nghttp2ver.h              libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp2.so                         libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libnghttp2.pc               libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libnghttp2/LICENSE              libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/nghttp2/README.rst              libnghttp2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp3.a                          libnghttp3-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp3.la                         libnghttp3-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/nghttp3/nghttp3.h                 libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/nghttp3/version.h                 libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libnghttp3.so                         libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libnghttp3.pc               libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libnghttp3/LICENSE              libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/nghttp3/README.rst              libnghttp3
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssh2.a                             libssh2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssh2.la                            libssh2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/libssh2.h                         libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/libssh2_publickey.h               libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/libssh2_sftp.h                    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssh2.so                            libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssh2.pc                  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/libssh2/LICENSE                 libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_connect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_disconnect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_free.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_get_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_init.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_list_identities.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_set_identity_path.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_sign.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_agent_userauth.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_banner_set.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_base64_decode.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_close.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_streamlocal_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_direct_tcpip_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_eof.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_exec.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_flush_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_accept.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_cancel.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_forward_listen_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_free.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_signal.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_get_exit_status.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_handle_extended_data2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_ignore_extended_data.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_open_session.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_process_startup.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_read_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_receive_window_adjust2.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_auth_agent.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_request_pty_size_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_send_eof.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_setenv_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_shell.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_signal_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_subsystem.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_closed.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_wait_eof.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_read_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_window_write_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_write_stderr.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_channel_x11_req_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_crypto_engine.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_exit.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_free.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_hostkey_hash.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_init.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_config.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_keepalive_send.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_add.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_addc.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_check.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_checkp.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_del.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_get.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_readline.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writefile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_knownhost_writeline.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll.3.gz          libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_poll_channel_read.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_add_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_init.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_fetch.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_list_free.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_remove_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_publickey_shutdown.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_recv2.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send.3.gz      libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send64.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_scp_send_ex.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_abstract.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_get.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_banner_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_block_directions.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_callback_set.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_disconnect_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_flag.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_free.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_read_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_get_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_handshake.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_hostkey.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_init_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_errno.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_method_pref.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_methods.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_blocking.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_read_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_set_timeout.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_startup.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_session_supported_algs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_close_handle.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_closedir.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsetstat.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstat_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fstatvfs.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_fsync.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_get_channel.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_init.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_last_error.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_lstat.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_mkdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open_ex.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open_ex_r.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_open_r.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_opendir.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_read.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_readlink.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_realpath.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rename_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rewind.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_rmdir_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_seek64.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_setstat.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_shutdown.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_stat_ex.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_statvfs.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink.3.gz  libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_symlink_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell.3.gz     libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_tell64.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink.3.gz   libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_unlink_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sftp_write.3.gz    libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_sign_sk.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace.3.gz         libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_trace_sethandler.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_authenticated.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_banner.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_hostbased_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_keyboard_interactive_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_list.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_password_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_fromfile_ex.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_frommemory.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_userauth_publickey_sk.3.gz libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/libssh2_version.3.gz       libssh2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurses.a                           ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncurses.a                          ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.a                         ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.a                          ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtic.a                              ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.a                            ncurses-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libform.a                             ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libformw.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenu.a                             ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanel.a                            ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.a                           ncurses-ui-libs-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libform.so                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libform.so.6.4                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libformw.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libformw.so.6.4                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so                            ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenu.so.6.4                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libmenuw.so.6.4                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so                           ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6                         ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanel.so.6.4                       ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so                          ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6                        ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpanelw.so.6.4                      ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/form.pc                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/formw.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menu.pc                     ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/menuw.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panel.pc                    ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/panelw.pc                   ncurses-ui-libs
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/captoinfo                             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/infocmp                               ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/infotocap                             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tabs                                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tic                                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/toe                                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tput                                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/captoinfo.1.gz             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/infocmp.1.gz               ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/infotocap.1.gz             ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tabs.1.gz                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tic.1.gz                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/toe.1.gz                   ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tput.1.gz                  ncurses-utils
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/clear                                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/ncursesw6-config                      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/reset                                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tset                                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/curses.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/eti.h                             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/form.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/menu.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/curses.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/eti.h                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/form.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/menu.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/ncurses_dll.h             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/panel.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/term.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/term_entry.h              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/termcap.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses/unctrl.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncurses_dll.h                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/curses.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/eti.h                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/form.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/menu.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses.h                ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/ncurses_dll.h            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/panel.h                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term.h                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/term_entry.h             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/termcap.h                ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/ncursesw/unctrl.h                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/panel.h                           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/term.h                            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/term_entry.h                      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/termcap.h                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/unctrl.h                          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so                          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6                        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcurses.so.6.4                      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6                       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncurses.so.6.4                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so                        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6                      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libncursesw.so.6.4                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6                       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtermcap.so.6.4                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtic.so                             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6                           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtic.so.6.4                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so                           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6                         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libtinfo.so.6.4                       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/curses.pc                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncurses.pc                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/ncursesw.pc                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/termcap.pc                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tic.pc                      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/tinfo.pc                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/terminfo                              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/ncurses/LICENSE                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/clear.1.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/ncursesw6-config.1.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/reset.1.gz                 ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tset.1.gz                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/BC.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLORS.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIR.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLOR_PAIRS.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/COLS.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ERR.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ESCDELAY.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/FALSE.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/LINES.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/NCURSES_SCREEN_CB.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/NCURSES_WINDOW_CB.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/OK.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/PAIR_NUMBER.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/PC.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/SP.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TABSIZE.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TRUE.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALNUM.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ALPHA.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_ENUM.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_INTEGER.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_IPV4.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_NUMERIC.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/TYPE_REGEXP.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/UP.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/WINDOW.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_and_exit.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_free_tinfo.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_freeall.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_nc_tracebits.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_traceattr2.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracecchar_t2.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracechtype2.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracedump.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracef.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/_tracemouse.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/acs_map.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/add_wchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addchstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addnwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/addwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/alloc_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/assume_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_get.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_off.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_on.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_set.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attr_t.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attributes.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attroff.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attron.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/attrset.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/baudrate_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/beep_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgd.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgdset.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrnd.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bkgrndset.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bool.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolcodes.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolfnames.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/boolnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/border.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/border_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/bottom_panel.3curses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/box.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/box_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/can_change_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cchar_t.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ceiling_panel.3curses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ceiling_panel.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/chgat.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/chtype.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/clear.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/clearok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtobot.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/clrtoeol.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/color.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/color_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/copywin.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cur_term.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_field.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/current_item.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_set_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curs_sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_trace.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/curses_version.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3form.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/cursor.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/data.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_ahead.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/data_behind.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/def_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/define_key_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/del_panel.3curses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/delay_output_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/delch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/deleteln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/delscreen.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/delwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/derwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/doupdate_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3form.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/driver.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/dup_field.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/dupwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/dynamic_field_info.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/echo_wchar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/echochar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/endwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/erase.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasechar_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/erasewchar_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_curses.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/exit_terminfo.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_color_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extended_slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/extensions.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field.3form.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_arg.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_attributes.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_back.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_buffer.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_count.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_fore.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_index.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_info.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_init.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_just.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_new.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_off.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_opts_on.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_pad.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_status.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_term.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_type.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_userptr.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/field_validation.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/fieldtype.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/filter_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/find_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/flash_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/flushinp_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_driver_w.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_attributes.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_buffer.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_field_validation.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fields.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_hook.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_init.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_off.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_opts_on.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_page.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_by_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_request_name.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_sub.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_term.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_userptr.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_variables.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/form_win.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/format.3menu.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_form.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_item.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_menu.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/free_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/get_wstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getattrs.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegy.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbegyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgd.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcurx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getcury.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxy.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmaxyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getn_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparx.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getpary.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getparyx.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getsyx.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/getyx.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ground_panel.3curses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ground_panel.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/halfdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_ic_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_il_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_key_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/has_mouse_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/hide_panel.3curses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/hline_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/hook.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/idcok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/idlok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/immedok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/in_wchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inch.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inchstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_color_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_extended_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/init_pair_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/initscr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/innstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/innwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inopts.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ins_wstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/insch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/insdelln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/insertln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/insnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/insstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/instr.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/intrflush_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/inwstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cbreak.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_cleared.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_echo.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_echo_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idcok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_idlok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_immedok.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_keypad.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_leaveok.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_linetouched.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nl.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nl_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_nodelay.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_notimeout.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_pad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_raw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_raw_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_scrollok.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_subwin.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_syncok.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_term_resized_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/is_wintouched.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/isendwin_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_count.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_description.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_index.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_init.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_name.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_off.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_opts_on.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_term.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_userptr.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_value.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/item_visible.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/items.3menu.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/kernel.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_defined_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/key_name.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keybound_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyname_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keyok_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/keypad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/killchar_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/killwchar_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/leaveok.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/link_fieldtype.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/longname_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mark.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mcprint_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/memleaks.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_back.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_current.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_driver.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_fore.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_format.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_grey.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_hook.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_init.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_items.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_mark.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_name.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_new.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_off.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_opts_on.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pad.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_pattern.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_by_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_request_name.3menu.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_spacing.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_sub.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_term.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_userptr.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_value.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_visible.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/menu_win.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/meta.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mitem_current.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mitem_visible.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mouseinterval_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mousemask_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/move.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_field.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/move_panel.3curses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvaddwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvchgat.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvcur_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvdelch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvderwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvget_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvgetstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvhline_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinnwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvins_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinsstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvinwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvprintw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvscanw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvvline_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddnwstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwaddwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwchgat.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwdelch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwget_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwgetstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwhline_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwin_wchstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinnwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wch.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwins_wstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinsstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwinwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwprintw.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwscanw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/mvwvline_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/napms_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ncurses.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_field.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_fieldtype.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_form_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_item.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu.3menu.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_menu_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_page.3form.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_pair.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_panel.3curses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/new_prescr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newpad_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newterm_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/newwin_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl.3ncurses.gz             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nl_sp.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nocbreak_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nodelay.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noecho_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nofilter_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/nonl_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noqiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/noraw_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/notimeout.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/numcodes.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/numfnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/numnames.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/opaque.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/opts.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ospeed.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/outopts.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/overlay.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/overwrite.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pad.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/page.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pair_content_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel.3curses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_above.3curses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_below.3curses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_hidden.3curses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_userptr.3curses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/panel_window.3curses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pattern.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pechochar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_form_cursor.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pos_menu_cursor.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3form.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/post.3menu.gz              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_form.3form.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/post_menu.3menu.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/prefresh.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/print.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/printw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/putp_sp.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/putwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/qiflush_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/raw_sp.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/redrawwin.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/refresh.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/replace_panel.3curses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/requestname.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_color_pairs_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_prog_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/reset_shell_mode_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resetty_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resize_term_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/resizeterm_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/restartterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ripoffline_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/savetty_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_form.3form.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scale_menu.3menu.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scanw.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_dump.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_init_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrl.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scroll.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/scrollok.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_current_item.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_curterm_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_escdelay_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_back.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_buffer.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_fore.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_init.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_just.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_opts.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_pad.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_status.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_term.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_type.3form.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_field_userptr.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_arg.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_fieldtype_choice.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_fields.3form.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_init.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_opts.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_page.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_sub.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_term.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_userptr.3form.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_form_win.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_init.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_opts.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_term.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_userptr.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_item_value.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_max_field.3form.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_back.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_fore.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_format.3menu.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_grey.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_init.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_items.3menu.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_mark.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_opts.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pad.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_pattern.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_spacing.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_sub.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_term.3menu.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_userptr.3menu.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_menu_win.3menu.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_new_page.3form.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_panel_userptr.3curses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_tabsize_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_term.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/set_top_row.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/setcchar.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/setscrreg.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/setsyx.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/setupterm.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/show_panel.3curses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk.3ncurses.gz            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_off.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_on.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_set_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attroff_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attron_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_attrset_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_clear_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_color_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_init_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_label_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_noutrefresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_refresh_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_restore_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_set_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_touch_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/slk_wset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/sp_funcs.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/spacing.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/standend.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/standout.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/start_color_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/stdscr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/strcodes.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/strfnames.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/strnames.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/subpad.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/subwin.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/syncok.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/term_attrs_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/termattrs_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/termcap.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/terminfo_variables.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/termname_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetent_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tgoto_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/threads.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetflag_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetnum_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tigetstr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/timeout.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiparm.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiparm_s.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tiscan_s.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_panel.3curses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/top_row.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/touch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchline.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/touchwin.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tparm_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/tputs_sp.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/trace.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ttytype.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/typeahead_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unfocus_current_field.3form.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unget_wch_sp.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetch_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/ungetmouse_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_form.3form.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/unpost_menu.3menu.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/untouchwin.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels.3curses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/update_panels_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_default_colors_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_env_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_extended_names.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_legacy_coding_sp.3ncurses.gz ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_screen.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_tioctl_sp.3ncurses.gz  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/use_window.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3form.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/userptr.3menu.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/util.3ncurses.gz           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_attr_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vid_puts_sp.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidattr_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vidputs_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vline_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_printw.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vw_scanw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwprintw.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/vwscanw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wadd_wchstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchnstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddchstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddnwstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/waddwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_get.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_off.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_on.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattr_set.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattroff.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattron.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wattrset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgd.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgdset.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wbkgrndset.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wborder_set.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wchgat.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclear.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtobot.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wclrtoeol.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcolor_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wcursyncup.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdelch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wdeleteln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wecho_wchar.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wechochar.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wenclose.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/werase.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wget_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetbkgrnd.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetdelay.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetn_wstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetparent.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetscrreg.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wgetstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/whline_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3form.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/win.3menu.gz               ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wch.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchnstr.3ncurses.gz    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/win_wchstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winch.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchnstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winchstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/window.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winnwstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_nwstr.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wch.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wins_wstr.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsch.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsdelln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsertln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsnstr.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winsstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winstr.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/winwstr.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmouse_trafo.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wmove.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wnoutrefresh.3ncurses.gz   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wprintw.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wredrawln.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wrefresh.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wresize.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscanw.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wscrl.3ncurses.gz          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsetscrreg.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandend.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wstandout.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncdown.3ncurses.gz      ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wsyncup.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtimeout.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wtouchln.3ncurses.gz       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl.3ncurses.gz        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wunctrl_sp.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline.3ncurses.gz         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/wvline_set.3ncurses.gz     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/tabset/std                          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/tabset/stdcrt                       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/tabset/vt100                        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/tabset/vt300                        ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty                ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty+common         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/alacritty-direct         ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/a/ansi                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dtterm                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/d/dumb                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/e/eterm-color              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/g/gnome-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty+common             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/k/kitty-direct             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/l/linux                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/n/nsterm                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/p/putty-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-256color            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode             ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/r/rxvt-unicode-256color    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen                   ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen-256color          ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/screen2                  ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st                       ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/s/st-256color              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/t/tmux-256color            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt100                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt102                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/v/vt52                     ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm                    ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm+256color           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-16color            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-256color           ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-color              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-kitty              ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-new                ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-termite            ncurses
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.a                           openssl-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssl.a                              openssl-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/add-trusted-certificate               openssl-tool
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/openssl                               openssl-tool
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/tls/openssl.cnf                       openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/aes.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1_mac.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1err.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/asn1t.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/async.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/asyncerr.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/bio.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/bioerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/blowfish.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/bn.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/bnerr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/buffer.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/buffererr.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/camellia.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cast.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cmac.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cmp_util.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cmperr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cms.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cmserr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/comp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/comperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/conf.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/conf_api.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/conferr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/configuration.h           openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/conftypes.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/core.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/core_dispatch.h           openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/core_names.h              openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/core_object.h             openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/crmf.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/crmferr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/crypto.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cryptoerr_legacy.h        openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ct.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/cterr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/decoder.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/decodererr.h              openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/des.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/dh.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/dherr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/dsa.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/dsaerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/dtls1.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/e_os2.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/e_ostime.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ebcdic.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ec.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdh.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ecdsa.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ecerr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/encoder.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/encodererr.h              openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/engine.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/engineerr.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/err.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ess.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/esserr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/evp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/evperr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/fips_names.h              openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/fipskey.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/hmac.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/hpke.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/http.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/httperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/idea.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/kdf.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/kdferr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/lhash.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/macros.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/md2.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/md4.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/md5.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/mdc2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/modes.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/obj_mac.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/objects.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/objectserr.h              openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ocsperr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslconf.h             openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/opensslv.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ossl_typ.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/param_build.h             openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/params.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pem.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pem2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pemerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs12err.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/pkcs7err.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/prov_ssl.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/proverr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/provider.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/quic.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rand.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/randerr.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rc2.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rc4.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rc5.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ripemd.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rsa.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/rsaerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/safestack.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/seed.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/self_test.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/sha.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/srp.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/srtp.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl.h                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl2.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ssl3.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/sslerr_legacy.h           openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/stack.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/store.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/storeerr.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/symhacks.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/thread.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/tls1.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/trace.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ts.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/tserr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/txt_db.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/types.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/ui.h                      openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/uierr.h                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/whrlpool.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/x509.h                    openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/x509_vfy.h                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/x509err.h                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3.h                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/openssl/x509v3err.h               openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/engines-3/capi.so                     openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/engines-3/loader_attic.so             openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so                          openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libcrypto.so.3                        openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssl.so                             openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libssl.so.3                           openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/ossl-modules/legacy.so                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libcrypto.pc                openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libssl.pc                   openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openssl.pc                  openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/openssl/LICENSE                 openssl
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.a                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.la                        pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.a                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.la                        pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.a                          pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.la                         pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.a                      pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.la                     pcre2-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pcre2-config                          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/pcre2.h                           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/pcre2posix.h                      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-16.so                        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-32.so                        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-8.so                         pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libpcre2-posix.so                     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-16.pc              pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-32.pc              pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-8.pc               pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libpcre2-posix.pc           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/AUTHORS                   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/COPYING                   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/ChangeLog                 pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENCE                   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE                   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/LICENSE.1                 pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/NEWS                      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/README                    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/NON-AUTOTOOLS-BUILD.txt pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/README.txt           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/index.html           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2-config.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2.html           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_callout_enumerate.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_code_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile.html   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_compile_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_config.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_convert_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_dfa_match.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_general_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_error_message.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_mark.html  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_heapframes_size.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_match_data_size.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_count.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_get_startchar.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_compile.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_match.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_jit_stack_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_maketables_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match.html     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_copy.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_context_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_match_data_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_convert.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_pattern_info.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_decode.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_encode.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_bsr.html   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_character_tables.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_depth_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_escape.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_glob_separator.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_heap_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_match_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_compiled_length.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_max_varlookbehind.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_newline.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_offset_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substitute.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_byname.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_free.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_list_get.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.html pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2api.html        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2build.html      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2callout.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2compat.html     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2convert.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2demo.html       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2grep.html       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2jit.html        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2limits.html     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2matching.html   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2partial.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2pattern.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2perform.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2posix.html      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2sample.html     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2serialize.html  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2syntax.html     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2test.html       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/html/pcre2unicode.html    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2-config.txt          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2.txt                 pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2grep.txt             pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/pcre2/pcre2test.txt             pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2-config.1.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2.3.gz                 pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_callout_enumerate.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_copy_with_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_code_free.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_compile_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_config.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_convert_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_converted_pattern_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_dfa_match.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_general_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_error_message.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_mark.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_heapframes_size.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_match_data_size.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_count.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_ovector_pointer.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_get_startchar.3.gz   pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_compile.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_free_unused_memory.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_match.3.gz       pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_assign.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_jit_stack_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_maketables_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_copy.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_context_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_create_from_pattern.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_match_data_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_convert.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_pattern_info.3.gz    pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_decode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_encode.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_serialize_get_number_of_codes.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_bsr.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_callout.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_character_tables.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_extra_options.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_compile_recursion_guard.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_depth_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_escape.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_glob_separator.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_heap_limit.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_match_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_compiled_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_pattern_length.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_max_varlookbehind.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_newline.3.gz     pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_offset_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_parens_nest_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_limit.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_recursion_memory_management.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_set_substitute_callout.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substitute.3.gz      pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_copy_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_free.3.gz  pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_get_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_byname.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_length_bynumber.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_free.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_list_get.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_nametable_scan.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2_substring_number_from_name.3.gz pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2api.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2build.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2callout.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2compat.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2convert.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2demo.3.gz             pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2jit.3.gz              pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2limits.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2matching.3.gz         pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2partial.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2pattern.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2perform.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2posix.3.gz            pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2sample.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2serialize.3.gz        pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2syntax.3.gz           pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/pcre2unicode.3.gz          pcre2
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pcre2grep                             pcre2grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pcre2grep.1.gz             pcre2grep
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libprocps.a                           procps-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libprocps.la                          procps-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/free                                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pgrep                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pidof                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pkill                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pmap                                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/ps                                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pwait                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pwdx                                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sysctl                                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tload                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/uptime                                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/vmstat                                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/watch                                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/alloc.h                      procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/devname.h                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/escape.h                     procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/numa.h                       procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/procps.h                     procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/pwcache.h                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/readproc.h                   procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/sig.h                        procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/slab.h                       procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/sysinfo.h                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/version.h                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/wchan.h                      procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/proc/whattime.h                   procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libprocps.so                          procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/libprocps.pc                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/procps/LICENSE                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/FAQ                   procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/procps-ng/bugs.md               procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/free.1.gz                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pgrep.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pidof.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pkill.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pmap.1.gz                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/procps.1.gz                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/ps.1.gz                    procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwait.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwdx.1.gz                  procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tload.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/uptime.1.gz                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/watch.1.gz                 procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/openproc.3.gz              procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproc.3.gz              procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/readproctab.3.gz           procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man5/sysctl.conf.5.gz           procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man8/sysctl.8.gz                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man8/vmstat.8.gz                procps
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/fuser                                 psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/killall                               psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/peekfd                                psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/prtstat                               psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pslog                                 psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/pstree                                psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/psmisc/LICENSE                  psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/fuser.1.gz                 psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/killall.1.gz               psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/peekfd.1.gz                psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/prtstat.1.gz               psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pslog.1.gz                 psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/pstree.1.gz                psmisc
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libhistory.a                          readline-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libreadline.a                         readline-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/etc/inputrc                               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/chardefs.h               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/history.h                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/keymaps.h                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/readline.h               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/rlconf.h                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/rlstdc.h                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/rltypedefs.h             readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/readline/tilde.h                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so                         readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8                       readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libhistory.so.8.2                     readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so                        readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8                      readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libreadline.so.8.2                    readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/history.pc                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/readline.pc                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/readline/CHANGES                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/readline/INSTALL                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/readline/LICENSE                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/readline/README                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/history.info                   readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/readline.info                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/rluserman.info                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/history.3.gz               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/readline.3.gz              readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/excallback.c               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/fileman.c                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/hist_erasedups.c           readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/hist_purgecmd.c            readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/histexamp.c                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/manexamp.c                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rl-callbacktest.c          readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rl-fgets.c                 readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rl-timeout.c               readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rl.c                       readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlbasic.c                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlcat.c                    readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlevent.c                  readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlkeymaps.c                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlptytest.c                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rltest.c                   readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/readline/rlversion.c                readline
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/sed                                   sed
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/sed/LICENSE                     sed
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/sed.info                       sed
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/sed.1.gz                   sed
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/bin/tar                                   tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/libexec/rmt                               tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/tar/LICENSE                     tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/tar.info                       tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-1                     tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-2                     tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/info/tar.info-3                     tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man1/tar.1.gz                   tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man8/rmt.8.gz                   tar
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libz.a                                zlib-static
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/zconf.h                           zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/include/zlib.h                            zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libz.so                               zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1                             zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/libz.so.1.3.1                         zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/zlib.pc                     zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/doc/zlib/LICENSE                    zlib
data/data/com.OxGames.Pluvia/files/usr/share/man/man3/zlib.3.gz                  zlib
